[note: only important changes are listed]

0.15
----

Program:
- Jarek Burczynski submitted a sound driver for Bomb Jack.
  The game is now a bit slow on my 486/100, -frameskip 1 is almost good but
  not quite.

- Sound support in:
  Scramble
  Super Cobra (note that the "scobra" rom set is wrong - ROMs 5c, 5d and 5e
               must be 2k, not 4k. You can take them from one of the other two
			   sets).
  The End
  Battle of Atlantis
  Lost Tomb (very nice sound, pity the ROMs are corrupted)
  Amidar
  Turtles
  Frogger
  Pooyan
  Time Pilot

  All these require -frameskip 1 on my 486/100.

  I have no idea how accurate the tempo and pitch is. If you can compare it
  with a real machine, please let me know what's wrong.

  Note: I discovered that the garbled sound I experienced in Scramble was
  caused by a bad ROM. Therefore, if sound doesn't work, check your ROM
  set. Note that I also changed one ROM name from "2c" to "2d".

- Carnival is finally working! Many thanks to Richard Davies who understood
  how to make it accept coins.

- Brad Oliver deserves a prize for being the person who, alone, has
  discovered more bugs than everyone else put together. This time the bug
  was illegal memory acesses in games using 224x288 and 288x224 modes (Pengo,
  Pac Man, Rally X).

- Thanks to the invaluable help of Steve Scavone, I've been able to fix
  many bugs in the Wizard of Wor driver.

- Added support for a version of Galaxian which is known to be original. It
  has Namco copyright and the code is slightly different from the other
  Galaxian (which has Midway copyright). I called this version "galaxian",
  and renamed the other "galmidw".

- High score support in Pac Man, Ms. Pac Man, Crush Roller, Burger Time,
  Zaxxon, Congo Bongo, Pooyan, Moon Cresta, Moon Quasar.

- Support for a different version of Frogger ("frogsega").

- Miscellaneous graphics fixes to Zaxxon and Congo Bongo. Also better colors
  (especially in Congo Bongo), thanks to Marc Lafontaine.

- Fixed most of the graphics problems with Moon Patrol. The video driver is
  a gigantic kludge right now, but it works and at a reasonable speed
  (though I can't reach 60fps on my 486/100).

- Many people requested a way to syncronize with the video beam, to avoid
  jerkiness. Here it is: -vsync. It should be used together with -noscanlines,
  and possible -vgafreq to adjust the frame rate to be as close as possible
  to 60fps (use F11 to check the actual frame rate). Note that this, unlike
  the default timer based sync, will NOT downgrade nicely if your system is
  not fast enough.

- Bernd Wiebelt provided new code for -vesascan, and implemented the new
  "-vesaskip n" mode. It uses a 640x480 screen instead of the 800x600 used
  by -vesascan, and allows you to scroll the visible area using the PGUP and
  PGDOWN keys.

- Maintaining the endless list of ROM subdirectories was getting quite boring,
  so I modified readroms() to make it automatically print the complete list of
  required ROMs if one is missing. I think I should add a CRC check as well.
  I also added a brief explanation of what ROMs are and why they are required -
  hoping this will cut down the flow of e-mail asking "gee, I run your program
  and it says 'unable to open file xxxx/xxxx', what should I do?"
