[note: only important changes are listed]

0.9
---

Program:
- Bomb Jack support.

- Background graphics in Zaxxon now work, albeit a bit slow (45-50 fps on my
  486/100)

- Support for the original version of Super Cobra. Note that I renamed the
  other one (which is a bootleg) "scobrab".

- Support for the original Moon Cresta (Nichibutsu copyright). These ROMs are
  encrypted, and slightly different from the other version. This is very
  likely the version Chuck Cochems remembers (with aliens teleporting right in
  front of your ship). I renamed the other version (which looks like a mix of
  the code from a bootleg version and the graphics from the Gremlin original
  version) "mooncrsb".

- Space Invaders now seems to work correctly. Deluxe version still doesn't
  work properly.

- F12 to take a snapshot of the gfx set (displayed using F4) now works.

- Better colors in Donkey Kong Jr. (thanks to Brad Oliver)

- Thanks to Gary Walton, Moon Quasar dip switches now are correctly described
  in the dip switch menu.

- F11 is now a toggle, also added F10 to turn off speed throttling (toggle as
  well)

Source:
- The memory handling was no longer up to the task, so I had to make it more
  flexible.
  RAM is no longer a static array; it is dynamically allocated by readroms(),
  split in memory regions (one for the CPU addressing space, one for graphics
  ROMs, and so on) so data not needed at run time, like the graphics data, can
  be unloaded from memory after conversion. The definition and usage of struct
  RomModule and struct GfxDecodeInfo has changed. struct RunningMachine
  contains an array of pointers to memory regions.
  RomModules are now defined using macros, and readroms() does some error
  checking as well. This greatly reduces the chance of making a silly mistake.

  And don't ask me why, but as a result of this change the emulation seems to
  run much faster than before!

- New rom_decode function pointer in the GameDriver structure. It is used to
  decrypt the whole ROMs after loading them (as opposed to opcode_decode,
  which is used to decrypt only CPU opcodes).
  Also, opcode_decode is now handled differently: instead of calling it at
  runtime when the CPU reads an opcode, another 64k of memory are allocated
  and the whole ROMs decrypted. opcodes are then fetched from this new array.
  This approach is less flexible, for example it cannot handle code created
  in RAM (Pengo does that). However, it is MUCH faster (finally I get 60fps
  in Crazy Climber!), so I'll go with it for now. Should the need arise for
  a more flexible decryption, we'll think about it.

- Some changes to the MachineDriver definition and mame.c needed to support
  multiple CPUs (they are NOT supported yet - this is just the first step)
