0.24

Program:
- Nicola added support for Jr. Pacman.  Decryption method provided by
  David Caldwell (david@indigita.com).  Colors should be 100% right too.
  Hiscore saving not supported yet.  Nicola also thanks Lee Taylor for
  help.

- I'v found the decryption scheme for garbled chars of Lost Tomb which is
  now playable.  Colors are still wrong.

- Also, I'v finally fixed my problems with ADPCM decoding, so now Kung Fu
  Master doesn't need separate samples anymore (I didn't distribuite them
  because of copyright on sounds).  The samples are now calculated during
  bootstrap of the game.

- Again Nicola added Turpin (Another version of Turtles) support.  Also
  colors are 100% correct the two games now.

- Fabrice Frences added support for Qbert Qubes.  Only hitch with the
  driver:  you have to reset (F3) the game at first time when the empty
  supreme noser table appears, then the table will be correctly filled.
  Alternatively, you can insert a coin before this empty table appears...
  Hiscore save not supported yet.

- New option in the setup menu: "CREDITS". It displays a list of the people
  who contributed to the current driver. I have surely left out many people,
  and apologize in advance for that. If you contributed to a driver and your
  name doesn't appear in the list, please let me know.

- Since many people asked for this and Bernd Wiebelt was so kind to do me
  this gift for my birthday, MAME has now -rotate option.  You'll have to
  turn your monitor (or your head (!) ;)

- Nicola fixed definetively Kung Fu Master driver which has now 100% perfect
  colors and sprite positioning.  Thanks to Paul Swan for color scheme.
  Original version (copyright Irem) is now supposed to be in 'kungfum'
  directory, while the bootleg (O.K.) is supposed to be in 'kungfub'.  Test
  mode doesn't work for bootleg version (as is right to be).
  Hi Score Support in each version as well.

- In Seicross now shots are enabled.  REMEMBER TO DELETE PREVIOUS .DSW FILE,
  AND SET "DEMO & DEBUG MODE" TO OFF, AND "SW7B" to 1.   Setting SW7B to 0
  will cause to play the game without FIRE facility.

- Marc LaFontaine provided drivers for Robotron, Splat, Defender, Joust,
  Stargate, Bubbles, Blaster and Sinistar.  Bubbles doesn't start, and
  Sinistar do weird things at startup.  The other games work very well,
  though.  For this version I provide a set of fonts that can be used
  to avoid jerkiness in williams games.  If you use zipped roms remember
  to include them in the ZIP files.

- Added SpaceZap support.  It is based mainly on WOW driver.  Mike Coates
  provided a more stable driver too.

Sources:
- Bernd Wiebelt provided new Vesamodes:  320x240 and 512x384.  You can select
  a mode either by -X (e.g. -640) or -XxY (e.g. -640x480).  Also fixed a bug
  that caused -vesaskip 0 not to run properly.  Also added -rotate option.
  Also, any vesa mode in combination with -noscanlines option can be used
  to achieve correct aspect ratio on most monitors.  This method is of
  course slower, and can work flawlessy on P166+ class.

- Modifications to support Driver Description and Credits.

- Nicola added a new mode in drawgfx: TRANSPARENCY_THROUGH.  When background
  has a higher priority of sprites, it's a lot faster using this option than
  draw sprites and then apply a bitmap with TRASPARENT_COLOR.

- Fabrice Frances submitted a new faster I86 emulator.  The entire I86
  directory is changed, and most of Gottlieb games are now faster.

- Mike Coates provided a modification to COMMON.C to support multi bank
  characters.  It uses bits 8-15 of the charset array (short int - so
  hopefully at least 16 bits on all implementations) to signify bank number.

- Changed the PAUSE key to Scrl-Lock key.  This permits to redefinite the
  P key for playing.

- TO ALL CONTRIBUTORS:  Please do not make use of C++ // comments in your
  sources.  I loose a lot of time every release to adjust them.  Then use
  official source release as a base for your next updates.  Use a comment
  style like in Williams.c sources (this is actually my comment style and
  almost clear to read). Thanks.
