0.25

Program:
- We have added Starforce!  Another one that rocks!!
  Sound is not supported yet.

- Finally I've added Tutankham.  (Hi Moose!! ;)  Moose provided me a good
  bunch of information and I lost much time on a stupid bug in bank selection.
  Thanks to David Dahl (techt@juno.com) that provided me a driver too, and
  I found the light!!  Also thanks to Rob Jarrett for the exaustive memory
  map (I've included it in sources, it's better than mine).

- I've decrypted the garbled graphics of AntEater and Rescue which are now
  fully playable.  And Fabio Buffoni improved the decode routines with
  thrilling code.  Colors are wrong, unless someone provides me a good
  set of screenshots to study.  Hunchback doesn't work yet.

- Nicola added a driver for Mysterious Stone.

- Sal and John Bugliarisi provided us technical information about the game
  Naughty Boy.  (Remember that code area is 64k long and not 32k).
  We have implemented a driver and for this game which is now supported.

- I took the time to add some high score saving.  So, now Junior Pacman,
  Naughty Boy, Tutankham, Kangaroo, have high score saving support.
  (So Dave will stop bothering me about that ;)  heheh!!!  Joking ;)

- Nicola fixed Commando driver, so now intermissions have the correct
  tiles positioned.

- Added JrPacman speed cheat.  It works in the same way of Pacman.
  (thanks to Hugo Pi for let me notice this).

- Chris Hardy added support for Space Firebird.  Thanks to Chris and to
  all Sage Staff.

- Nicola did some fixes to Taito Games (Jungle King and Elevator Action)
  about background placement and coins per credit dipswitch.  Plus vertical
  scroll support in Jungle King (used in ground shake), correct sprite
  priority, and no more rubbish is present during change of stage.
  Finally, he also added preliminar support for WildWestern and FrontLine,
  which are not yet playable.
  DELETE ELEVATOB\ELEVATOB.DSW, JUNGLEK\JUNGLEK.DSW, JHUNT\JHUNT.DSW,
  OTHERWISE THE GAME WILL NOT WORK CORRECTLY.

- Eric Anschuetz proposed me to implement a different button layout for
  joysticks.  I replyed with a configurable joystick setup (like the
  keyboard one).  So Eric finished the work providing us a useful joystick
  setup menu.  Thanks Eric and Robert! ;)

- Refixed the galaga hiscore bug (it happened when syncing my sources with
  Nicola's ones)

- Maurizio Zanello provided a better interface between MAME and frontends.
  And now you can select frameskip rate even while playing, without have to
  exit.  Volume can be controlled with keypad PLUS and MINUS keys.

- Robert Anschuetz provided me info about how to enable a shot sample with
  moonquasar, mooncresta, galaxian and clones.

- Valerio Verrando fixed the Williams driver to support joystick in
  Blaster, Defender, Joust, Robotron, Splat, Stargate.  Also fixed the Space
  Invaders driver to include high score saving and 100% arcade-perfect colors
  for Lunar Rescue; since some bootleg machines did not use this colorful
  overlay, Destination Earth retains the Space Invaders color scheme.

- Bernd has cleaned up VESA command line options.
  No longer supported:
  '-vesascan'   --> use '-vesa' or (faster, if it works) '-vesa2l'
  '-vesaskip N' --> use '-640x480 -skiplines N'  instead
  '-rotate'     --> use '-rol' or '-ror' instead

  New:
  '-ror'
  '-rol'  Rotate the display (anti)clockwise.  Since this uses
          the standard VESA scanline mode, you'll get *vertical*
          scanlines on rotated games (authentic?).
  '-nodouble'
          prevents pixel doubling, if you like miniaturised
          arcade emulation. It's also faster than the standard
          pixel-doubling VESA modes.
  '-skiplines N'
          does what '-vesaskip N' used to do, except it does not
          select 640x480 VESA mode.

- Minor modifications to Arabian palette.  Ville Laitinen also provided some
  modifications to Kangaroo driver.

- Pause key back to 'P'.  Sorry, you cannot use it for your redefinitions,
  but, hey, you have 101 keys left!!! ;)

- Found the meaning of SW1 in Moon Cresta (Thanks to Mikiya Yadohisa)

- Added Crazy Kong bootleg version by Jeutel and Ms Pac Man Attacks clones

Sources:
- Added an alternate 224x288 video mode (on my Matrox this produce correct
  aspect ratio with this tweaked mode).  To select it simply add -224 or
  -224x288 parameter.

- Nigel T. Barber  (Nigel.Barber@sgcs.co.uk) added mouse support.  We need
  some feedback, because each mouse device has its own sensitivity.  Enable
  mouse support with -mouse parameter.

- Time to use proper MAME fonts.  I draw a good looking complete set of
  chars to be used for messages and menu system in MAME.  Nicola changed
  the entire set of drivers and implemented a user interface sublevel
  (file is USRINTRF.C).

- Modifications done by Eric Anschuetz to add joystick reconfiguration
  menu.

- I'v changed the system configuration of each game.  Now a game saves all
  vital informations (DSW, KEY, and JOY settings) in a unique file with
  .CFG extension.  A backward compatibility is provided, so the first time
  MAME read previous settings and saves them in the .CFG file at exit/reset.

- Bernd changed the VESA code to provide '-rol' and '-ror'
  replacing '-rotate'. Rotation modes are now supported in all
  VESA resolutions. The '-nodouble' option prevents pixel doubling
  in VESA modes, resulting in more speed and a smaller display.
